simplify python/snakemake install (#142)
coderefinery/installation: python.md

- Install Python 3 using all of the defaults for installation except make sure to check
  `Make Anaconda the default Python`.

Anaconda contains almost all the required Python packages which will be used during the CodeRefinery workshop. 

For installation missing packages, the easiest is to launch [Anaconda navigator](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/navigator/) and install packages through [it](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/navigator/tutorials/manage-packages/).

## How to verify the installation

> For windows users, use git bash Terminal and for everyone type in the command prompt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use git bash terminal (on Windows) or a regular terminal (MacOS and Linux) and type in the command prompt:
```
